Inabox readme improvements (#643)
Layr-Labs/eigenda: inabox/README.md

TRACE[10-12|22:02:13.376] [batcher] Confirming batch...            caller=batcher.go:198
```

> To dispense that same blob (replace `$REQUEST_ID` with the request ID from the prior step):

Reviewer: To **check the status of** that same blob

Author: Change made.
```suggestion
To check the status of that same blob (replace `$REQUEST_ID` with the request ID from the prior step):
```
